>> Sarah Drasner: Let's
talk about inspiration and
particularly how to be inspired by people.
And not rip them off because there's kind
of like an interesting line there, right?
You can really really
like someone stuff and
then sometimes you can like Veer into the.
Land of copying them too much, so
how do we get inspired by people and
not copy them?
Or maybe intentionally copy them,
but not publicize that piece?
So Dan Mall has some really
great content about this.
Dan Mall is a designer, unlike me,
who is a faux designer.
I'm like a developer who design,
he's but his job is a designer.
I'm a firm believer in the idea that
there's nothing new under the sun.
Said differently, everything is a remix.
Free from the pressure that
all things designers do
need to be original works of art.
I can instead focus on
what my sources to combine
in an unique way that my
audience is less accustomed to.
So he has a essay called stealing
your way to original designing.
He lays out some principles on
what the differences are and
especially this idea of remixing.
That you can use from different sources
as long as you keep remix singing and
key pre-mixing.
So one thing about inspiration
is looking around.
I actually think that it's a really good
idea to look around especially before you
start designing there are some
places that you can check out.
Dribble, Behance, CodePen,
Glitch, CodeSandbox.
Those are just a number of different
designer resources out there.
And finding your heroes is
a good idea because you
can kinda sit in your own box, in your
own mind and only understand so much.
But when you look around and see all
sorts of different ways of working.
You kind of enrich what tools are in
your toolbox visually as well,
you can say I didn't know that you
could maybe place text that way.
That's a pretty good idea.
Or like,
what if I broke things out of bounds?
Earlier we saw those scale and
cropping ideas.
That's a concept, right?
That's something that you can employ.
You're not necessarily having
to take a Swiss layout and
then steal the Swiss layout.
You could take the idea of taking
an image and blowing it up and
reusing, that wouldn't be stealing
from those designers, right?
So get inspired by multiple sources but
here's what I would ask you to do.
Wait.
So take that insp folder that we
made when we first started doing,
dump a bunch of things in there, find all
of these things that really appeal to you.
And then sleep on it for a night and
don't make something yet.
And then try to work from memory.
So it's very very hard to exactly
copy a reference it you're not
looking at it directly and you've
given yourself some time to process.
And it might be that when you stop and
you don't look at it for
a little while, things kind of
recombine in your imagination
in a way that is totally unique,
that's not like.
Either this source or this source.
So that's a suggestion on how to learn and
grow and look at new ideas and
things and find your own tone and
your own path.
Also revisit.
If there was a particular design
you were like super into and
you were working from memory and you kept
thinking about it, look at it again.
Maybe it's totally different, but if you
look at and you're like this is the same,
then you should change it or
toss it out and start again.
So there are a number of ways of working
even if you're getting inspired.
I also think that you should look at
other disciplines for inspiration.
All too often we stay on the web
there's like a whole tradition of
human history that happened way
before the last 40, 50 years.
Don't limit yourself to just the web.
Look at this book.
I mean, this is a book full of etchings
where someone, cut out Little pieces
of etchings until it recombined and
created an entirely new art piece.
That art piece isn't the etchings in the
book but it is the etchings in the book.
There's tons of art projects that
you can check out or art books,
you can also listen to music, music can
also kind of inspire, creative ideas.
We watch movies,
read comic books, watch anime.
We're talking about anime earlier.
There's all sorts of different
things that might inform your work.
We were watching
Neon Genesis Evangelion earlier and
there's all these dynamic cuts in
the way that they like explode things.
And like show things from really
interesting angles that you could actually
re-use to think about
diagonals being dynamic or
colors, or blur, or changing styles all of
a sudden that are really good ideas for
the web that maybe aren't
that used that much.
It doesn't have to just be stuff for
the web.
So, one thing that you can do,
is do this idea of master copies.
And that's something that
we did in painting, a lot.
Was this, you might even see people
at museums do this, sometimes.
There might be some, a painting, and
then someone is sitting in front of
the painting, painting the painting.
Why are they doing that?
Well, you can learn a lot by
trying to copy those strokes.
The idea, when someone does a master copy
is not that they're gonna show that master
copy to everybody and be like,
this is mine [LAUGH].
That's not what they're doing.
They're trying to learn how to paint
using some of those old styles.
It's very similar to reverse
engineering actually.
They're trying to understand how all
the brush strokes were laid out.
And you can kind of look at code and
be like, it works like that.
But if you actually go thru and reverse
engineer something and play with the code.
You know it in more certain terms.
It's the same kind of idea.
So, if you wanted to take something
from Dribble or something like that.
And just as practice, copy it and
bring it into illustrator or
Photoshop or Sketch, and try to figure
out how they made all those pieces.
You probably learn a lot.
You might not be able to show people,
[LAUGH] at the end, but you might
be able to show people the thing you make
after that, which might be a lot richer.
So if you ever have an afternoon where
you're trying to practice design,
it's a good idea to make
one of those copies.
You just can't claim it as your own.